Added 1.3.8 changes (#268)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.3.8 

### Additions and Improvements 

> - `admin_generateLogBloomCache` JSON-RPC API to generate logs index that improves performance for log queries [\#262](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/262)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `admin_generateLogBloomCache` JSON-RPC API to generate a cache of the block bloombits that improves performance for log queries [\#262](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/262)
```

### Additions and Improvements

- Hard Fork Support: Configures the Agharta activation block for the ETC MainNet configuration [\#251](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/251) (thanks to [soc1c](https://github.com/soc1c))

> - `operator generate-log-bloom-cache` command line option to generate logs index that improves performance for log queries  [\#245](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/245)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `operator generate-log-bloom-cache` command line option to generate a cache of the block bloombits that improves performance for log queries  [\#245](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/245)
```
